Constructor: Standard Case Test Passed
Constructor: Edge Case Test Passed
getFirstName: Standard Case Test Passed
getFirstName: Edge Case Test Passed
getLastName: Standard Case Test Passed
getLastName: Edge Case Test Passed
getFullName: Standard Case Test Passed
getFullName: Edge Case Test Passed
getGrade: Standard Case Test Passed
getGrade: Edge Case Test Passed
getCourses: Standard Case Test Passed
getCourses: Edge Case Test Passed
getCourseCount: Standard Case Test Passed
getCourseCount: Edge Case Test Passed
setGrade: Standard Case Test Passed
setGrade: Edge Case Test Passed
addCourse: Standard Case Test Passed
addCourse: Edge Case Test Passed
toString: Standard Case Test Passed
toString: Edge Case Test Passed
equals: Standard Case Test Passed
equals: Edge Case Test Passed